devcycle: Clarify doc & test changes in Beta & RC (#676)
python/devguide: devcycle.rst

A branch preparing for an RC release can only have bugfixes applied that have
been reviewed by other core developers.  Generally, these issues must be
severe enough (e.g. crashes) that they deserve fixing before the final release.

> All other issues (including documentation and test changes) should be deferred
> to the next development cycle, since stability is the strongest concern at this
> point.

Author: ```suggestion
All other issues should be deferred to the next development cycle, since
stability is the strongest concern at this point.

While the goal is to have no code changes between a RC and a final release,
there may be a need for final documentation or test fixes. Any such proposed
changes should be discussed first with the release manager.
```
